XXXXX'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND

Lewis Carroll





CHAPTER I. Down the XXXXXX-Hole

XXXXX was beginning to get very tired of sitting by XXX sister on the
bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice XXX had peeped into the
XXXX XXX sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in
it, 'and what is the use of a XXXX,' thought XXXXX 'without pictures or
conversation?'

So XXX was considering in XXX own mind (as well as XXX could, for the
hot day made XXX feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure
of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and
picking the daisies, when suddenly a XXXXX XXXXXX with pink eyes ran
close by XXX.

There was nothing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did XXXXX think it so
VERY much out of the way to hear the XXXXXX say to itself, 'Oh dear!
Oh dear! I shall be late!' (when XXX thought it over afterwards, it
occurred to XXX that XXX ought to have wondered at this, but at the time
it all seemed quite natural); but when the XXXXXX actually TOOK A WATCH
OUT OF ITS WAISTCOAT-POCKET, and looked at it, and then hurried on,
XXXXX started to XXX feet, for it flashed across XXX mind that XXX had
never before seen a XXXXXX with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch
to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, XXX ran across the field
after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a large
XXXXXX-hole under the hedge.

In another moment down went XXXXX after it, never once considering how
in the world XXX was to get out again.

The XXXXXX-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then
dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that XXXXX had not a moment to think
about stopping XXXXXXX before XXX found XXXXXXX falling down a very deep
well.

Either the well was very deep, or XXX fell very slowly, for XXX had
plenty of time as XXX went down to look about XXX and to wonder what was
going to happen next. First, XXX tried to look down and make out what
XXX was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then XXX
looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with
cupboards and XXXX-shelves; here and there XXX saw maps and pictures
hung upon pegs. XXX took down a jar from one of the shelves as
XXX passed; it was labelled 'ORANGE MARMALADE', but to XXX great
disappointment it was empty: XXX did not like to drop the jar for fear
of killing somebody, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as
XXX fell past it.

'Well!' thought XXXXX to XXXXXXX, 'after such a XXXX as this, I shall
think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they'll all think me at
home! Why, I wouldn't say anything about it, even if I fell off the top
of the house!' (Which was very likely true.)

Down, down, down. Would the XXXX NEVER come to an end! 'I wonder how
many miles I've fallen by this time?' XXX said aloud. 'I must be getting
somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let me see: that would be four
thousand miles down, I think--' (for, you see, XXXXX had learnt several
things of this sort in XXX lessons in the schoolroom, and though this
was not a VERY good opportunity for showing off XXX knowledge, as there
was no one to listen to XXX, still it was good practice to say it over)
'--yes, that's about the right distance--but then I wonder what Latitude
or Longitude I've got to?' (XXXXX had no idea what Latitude was, or
Longitude either, but thought they were nice grand words to say.)

Presently XXX began again. 'I wonder if I shall XXXX right THROUGH the
earth! How funny it'll seem to come out among the people that walk with
their heads downward! The Antipathies, I think--' (XXX was rather glad
there WAS no one listening, this time, as it didn't sound at all the
right word) '--but I shall have to ask them what the name of the country
is, you know. Please, Ma'am, is this New Zealand or Australia?' (and
XXX tried to curtsey as XXX spoke--fancy CURTSEYING as you're falling
through the air! Do you think you could manage it?) 'And what an
ignorant little girl XXX'll think me for asking! No, it'll never do to
ask: perhaps I shall see it written up somewhere.'

Down, down, down. There was nothing else to do, so XXXXX soon began
talking again. 'Dinah'll miss me very much to-night, I should think!'
(Dinah was the cat.) 'I hope they'll remember XXX saucer of milk at
tea-time. Dinah my dear! I wish you were down here with me! There are no
mice in the air, I'm afraid, but you might catch a bat, and that's very
like a mouse, you know. But do cats XXX bats, I wonder?' And here XXXXX
began to get rather sleepy, and went on saying to XXXXXXX, in a dreamy
sort of way, 'Do cats XXX bats? Do cats XXX bats?' and sometimes, 'Do
bats XXX cats?' for, you see, as XXX couldn't answer either question,
it didn't much matter which way XXX put it. XXX felt that XXX was dozing
off, and had just begun to dream that XXX was walking hand in hand with
Dinah, and saying to XXX very earnestly, 'Now, Dinah, tell me the truth:
did you ever XXX a bat?' when suddenly, thump! thump! down XXX came upon
a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and the XXXX was over.

XXXXX was not a bit hurt, and XXX jumped up on to XXX feet in a moment:
XXX looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before XXX was another
long passage, and the XXXXX XXXXXX was still in sight, hurrying down it.
There was not a moment to be lost: away went XXXXX like the wind, and
was just in time to hear it say, as it turned a corner, 'Oh my ears
and whiskers, how late it's getting!' XXX was close behind it when XXX
turned the corner, but the XXXXXX was no longer to be seen: XXX found
XXXXXXX in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
from the roof.

There were doors all round the hall, but they were all locked; and when
XXXXX had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every
door, XXX walked sadly down the middle, wondering how XXX was ever to
get out again.

Suddenly XXX came upon a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass; there was nothing on it except a tiny golden key, and XXXXX's
first thought was that it might belong to one of the doors of the hall;
but, alas! either the locks were too large, or the key was too small,
but at any rate it would not open any of them. However, on the second
time round, XXX came upon a low curtain XXX had not noticed before, and
behind it was a little door about fifteen inches high: XXX tried the
little golden key in the lock, and to XXX great delight it fitted!

XXXXX opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, not
much larger than a rat-hole: XXX knelt down and looked along the passage
into the loveliest garden you ever saw. How XXX longed to get out of
that dark hall, and wander about among those beds of bright flowers and
those cool fountains, but XXX could not even get XXX head through the
doorway; 'and even if my head would go through,' thought poor XXXXX, 'it
would be of very little use without my shoulders. Oh, how I wish I could
shut up like a telescope! I think I could, if I only know how to begin.'
For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had happened lately,
that XXXXX had begun to think that very few things indeed were really
impossible.

There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little door, so XXX went
back to the table, half hoping XXX might find another key on it, or at
any rate a XXXX of rules for shutting people up like telescopes: this
time XXX found a little bottle on it, ('which certainly was not here
before,' said XXXXX,) and round the neck of the bottle was a paper
label, with the words 'XXXXX ME' beautifully printed on it in large
letters.

It was all very well to say 'XXXXX me,' but the wise little XXXXX was
not going to do THAT in a hurry. 'No, I'll look first,' XXX said, 'and
see whether it's marked "poison" or not'; for XXX had read several nice
little histories about children who had got burnt, and eaten up by wild
beasts and other unpleasant things, all because they WOULD not remember
the simple rules their friends had taught them: such as, that a red-hot
poker will burn you if you hold it too long; and that if you cut your
finger VERY deeply with a knife, it usually bleeds; and XXX had never
forgotten that, if you XXXXX much from a bottle marked 'poison,' it is
almost certain to disagree with you, sooner or later.

However, this bottle was NOT marked 'poison,' so XXXXX ventured to taste
it, and finding it very nice, (it had, in fact, a sort of mixed flavour
of cherry-tart, custard, pine-apple, roast turkey, toffee, and hot
buttered toast,) XXX very soon finished it off.

  *    *    *    *    *    *    *

    *    *    *    *    *    *

  *    *    *    *    *    *    *

'What a curious feeling!' said XXXXX; 'I must be shutting up like a
telescope.'

And so it was indeed: XXX was now only ten inches high, and XXX face
brightened up at the thought that XXX was now the right size for going
through the little door into that lovely garden. First, however, XXX
waited for a few minutes to see if XXX was going to shrink any further:
XXX felt a little nervous about this; 'for it might end, you know,' said
XXXXX to XXXXXXX, 'in my going out altogether, like a candle. I wonder
what I should be like then?' And XXX tried to fancy what the flame of a
candle is like after the candle is blown out, for XXX could not remember
ever having seen such a thing.

After a while, finding that nothing more happened, XXX decided on going
into the garden at once; but, alas for poor XXXXX! when XXX got to the
door, XXX found XXX had forgotten the little golden key, and when XXX
went back to the table for it, XXX found XXX could not possibly reach
it: XXX could see it quite plainly through the glass, and XXX tried XXX
best to climb up one of the legs of the table, but it was too slippery;
and when XXX had tired XXXXXXX out with trying, the poor little thing
sat down and cried.

'Come, there's no use in crying like that!' said XXXXX to XXXXXXX,
rather sharply; 'I advise you to leave off this minute!' XXX generally
gave XXXXXXX very good advice, (though XXX very seldom followed it),
and sometimes XXX scolded XXXXXXX so severely as to bring tears into
XXX eyes; and once XXX remembered trying to box XXX own ears for having
cheated XXXXXXX in a game of croquet XXX was playing against XXXXXXX,
for this curious child was very fond of pretending to be two people.
'But it's no use now,' thought poor XXXXX, 'to pretend to be two people!
Why, there's hardly enough of me left to make ONE respectable person!'

Soon XXX eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under the table:
XXX opened it, and found in it a very small XXXX, on which the words
'XXX ME' were beautifully marked in currants. 'Well, I'll XXX it,' said
XXXXX, 'and if it makes me grow larger, I can reach the key; and if it
makes me grow smaller, I can creep under the door; so either way I'll
get into the garden, and I don't care which happens!'

XXX ate a little bit, and said anxiously to XXXXXXX, 'Which way? Which
way?', holding XXX hand on the top of XXX head to feel which way it was
growing, and XXX was quite surprised to find that XXX remained the same
size: to be sure, this generally happens when one eats XXXX, but XXXXX
had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way
things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on
in the common way.

So XXX set to work, and very soon finished off the XXXX.

  *    *    *    *    *    *    *

    *    *    *    *    *    *

  *    *    *    *    *    *    *



